- 1 -
Guidelines for the 2023 Fall Graduate Admission
Admissions Schedule
Schedule Date Remarks Fall Semester
Online application
Foreigner 2023.3.15.(Wed.), 10:00 ~ 28.(Tue.) 18:00 Online
Korean Application 2023.3.22.(Wed.) 10:00 ~ 4.4.(Tue.) 18:00
Submission of Documents
Foreigner 2023.3.15.(Wed.), 10:00 ~ 29.(Wed.) 18:00 Online Upload within the Korean 2023.3.22.(Wed.) 10:00 ~ 4.5.(Wed.) 18:00 deadline
Announcement of Documents Screening 2023.5.17.(Wed.), 14:00 admg-intl.unist.ac.kr
Interview 2023.5.22.(Mon.) ~ 31.(Wed.)
Announcement of Successful Candidates 2023.6.21.(Wed.), 14:00 admg-intl.unist.ac.kr
Registration 2023.6.21.(Wed.), 14:00 ~ 26.(Mon.), 18:00
Submit online
'Registration
Confirmation'
Announcement of candidates for transition from UNIST scholarship to Government
After Fall Semester registration period ~
(UNIST → Government Scholarship) Notified individually
※ Online Application
- Korean Students: http://adm-g.unist.ac.kr
- International(Foreign) Students: http://admg-intl.unist.ac.kr
※ The dates above are subject to change without a prior notice.
※ Details on the interview will be released by each department.
※ Announcement of additional successful candidates for government scholarship:
Among the final successful applicants, if the applicants who have been
accepted as Government scholarship students do not register, the UNIST
scholarship students may be converted into Government students according to
UNIST's internal priorities among those who have been accepted as UNIST
scholarship students.
※ Announcement of successful applicants for the transition to government scholarship
students does not apply to all recruitment units(majors), but applies only to
internally determined recruitment units(majors)
- 2 -
Academic programs
College Department/Graduate School Application Unit Master Combined Master-Doctor Doctor
Gov’t UNIST Others Gov’t UNIST Others Gov’t UNIST Others
Engineering
Mechanical Engineering Mechanical Engineering ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Urban and
Environmental Engineering
Urban Infrastructure Engineering ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Environmental Science Engineering ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Disaster Management Engineering ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Water-Energy Nexus × ○** × × ○** × × ○** ×
Graduate School of Semiconductor Materials and Devices Engineering
Semiconductor Materials and Devices Engineering ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Materials Science and Engineering Materials Science and Engineering ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Energy and Chemical Engineering
Energy and Chemical Engineering
Energy Engineering
○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Energy Engineering
(Battery Science & Technology)
Chemical Engineering
Carbon Neutrality
Carbon Neutrality(Energy Engineering) ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Carbon Neutrality(Chemical Engineering) ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Carbon Neutrality(Environment) ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Nuclear Engineering Nuclear Engineering ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Information
and
Biotechnology
Design Design ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Biomedical Engineering Biomedical Engineering ○ ○* ○ ○ ○* ○ ○ ○* ○
Graduate School of Health
Science and Technology Health Science and Technology*** ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Biological Sciences Biological Sciences ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Industrial Engineering Industrial Engineering ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Graduate School of Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Electrical Engineering Electrical Engineering ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Computer Science and Engineering Computer Science and Engineering ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Natural Sciences
Physics Physics ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Applied Physics ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Mathematical Sciences Mathematical Sciences ○ ○ × ○ × × ○ × ×
Chemistry Chemistry ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Business Administration Management Engineering ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
- 3 -
※ Names of academic programs are subject to change.
※ The School of Energy and Chemical Engineering recruits applicants by integrating the application unit into the Energy Chemical
Engineering major, and then assigns a major at the time of admission.
※ Whether to be a scholarship student depends on the evaluation, and scholarship benefits may vary.
* Included Biomedical Engineering ‘UNIST-IBS Neuroscience Inter-Institutional Scholarship’. For more detail, please refer to [Annex].
※ Notice of New major and Program (From 2023 Spring 2nd Admission)
** The name of new major: Water-Energy Nexus
** Students will be financially supported by Korea Ministry of Environment(MOE) as 「Graduate School specialized in Integrated Water
Resources Managerment」(Tuition fee, laboratory practice expenses, overseas training fee)
** When applying for admission, choose 'Water-Energy Nexus' for major, Scholarship(Government or UNIST) for Scholarship, and final
successful applicant enter as an UNIST Scholarship student.
※ Notice of New major (From 2023 Fall Admission)
*** The name of new major: Health Science and Technology
*** ‘Health Innovation and Entrepreneurship’ in the graduate school of HST accepts applications from 2024 Spring(1st) admission period.
- 4 -
 Admission Quota
o The quota for 2023 UNIST graduate admission is around 553.
- Master’s degree is around 168
- Combined Master’s-Doctoral degree is around 313
- Doctoral degree is around 72
※ The number of admission Quota is subject to change.
Definition of scholarship
o Scholarship funded by Korean government
- Government fund in whole or in part student’s tuition and scholarship.
※ Employed applicants have to apply for the “Other Scholarship”
※ Applicants who are currently employed may apply if they
retire before admission. If they do not retire before admission,
admission may be cancelled.
※ If the history of working at an external institution while
attending UNIST is confirmed, the person concerned may be
disadvantaged.
o Scholarship funded by UNIST
- UNIST fund in whole or in part student’s tuition and scholarship.
※ Employed applicants have to apply for the “Other Scholarship”
※ Applicants who are currently employed may apply if they
retire before admission. If they do not retire before admission,
admission may be cancelled.
※ If the history of working at an external institution while
attending UNIST is confirmed, the person concerned may be
disadvantaged.
o Scholarship funded by Others(Company, Institute, Yourself, etc.)
- Student’s tuition and scholarship in whole or in part funded
by others(In case UNIST admits that tuition is to be paid by a student).
- 5 -
Qualification for application
o Master’s program and Combined Master’s-Doctoral program
- Applicants who have a bachelor’s degree or will be awarded
a bachelor’s degree by the first day of class or have an
educational background equivalent to the above
o Doctoral program
- Applicants who have a Master’s degree or will be awarded a
Master’s degree by the first day of class or who have an
educational background equivalent to the above
Guidance of documents required to be submitted by registrants
after final acceptance
o 2023 Fall Semester Admission(Academic Background Verification)
- Applicants who are expected to obtain a degree from a
Korean university or institution must obtain a degree before
August, 2023.
- Applicants who are expected to obtain a degree from an
overseas university or institution must obtain a degree
before early of July, 2023.
- Finalists of this admission who has obtained a degree from a
korean university or institution must submit the original for
the final certificate of degree(graduation certificate) and
transcripts by 2023.8.25.(Fri.) by post. (If you do not submit
the Apostille within the deadline, admission may be canceled.)
- Finalists of this admission who have obtained a degree from
an overseas university or institution must submit the
Apostille(consular confirmation for countries which are not
signatories to the convention) for the final certificate of
degree(graduation certificate) and transcripts by 2023.7.19.(Wed.)
- 6 -
by post. (If you do not submit the Apostille within the
deadline, admission may be canceled.)
- Admission may be canceled if documents related to academic
background verification are not submitted within the above
deadline.
- Address: Admissions Team, Room #105, Main Administrative
Building(201), UNIST-gil 50, Ulju-gun, Ulsan 44919, Republic
of Korea
※ Only documents issued within 2 months from the date of
submission to the admissions team are valid, and documents
issued before that time are not accepted.
※ If you can not issue a graduation certificate because you
have not graduated from a Korean university, first issue and
submit the original certificate of expected graduation, and
then submit the final certificate of graduation and original
transcripts after graduation.
※ If it is not possible to submit proof of academic background
within the specified period, please contact the admissions
team and discuss in advance (Inquiry: adm-g@unist.ac.kr)
※ You can visit the admissions team if you are in UNIST.
(Business hours: 09:00am~18:00pm, Lunch Time: 12:00pm~13:00pm)
o 2023 Fall Semester Admission(Financial Verification Documents)
- In the case of international students who have accepted the
master's course or combined master's and doctoral course,
you must submit financial documents to confirm that you can
cover your living expenses in addition to the scholarship
benefits provided.
- Therefore, Submit a 'Bank Certificate of deposit(balance) or
Bank Statement' of your own bank account with a balance
- 7 -
equivalent to USD 2000 or more.
- All the documents must be shown in USD or the USD
equivalent of foreign currency and be issued within 30 days
unless it has its valid date.
- Also, all financial documents must be written in English and
submitted in the original copy.
- Finalists(Foreigners) of this admission must submit the Financial
Verification Documents with his/her Academic Background
Verification documents by 2023.7.19.(Wed.) by post. (If you do
not submit the documents, admission may be canceled.)
- Admission may be canceled if documents related to academic
background verification and Financial Verification are not
submitted within the above deadline.
- Address: Admissions Team, Room #105, Main Administrative
Building(201), UNIST-gil 50, Ulju-gun, Ulsan 44919, Republic
of Korea
Scholarships
o Scholarship funded by Korean government
- Tuition fee waiver
- Stipend Offer
∙ Master: More than KRW 9,600,000/year
∙ Doctor: More than KRW 13,200,000/year
※ The above is based on the minimum amount and the
additional amount can be provided differently according to
the participating Lab.
※ Professional·Special graduate school, Management Engineering
students, Students who are enrolled exceeding the class period
are not included.
- 8 -
※ The School of Business Administration(Management Engineering)
applies a separate standard for scholarships(cost of living expenses).
∙Master: More than KRW 2,880,000/year
∙Doctor: More than KRW 4,740,000/year
∙The above is based on the minimum amount and the additional
amount can be provided differently according to the participating Lab.
- Students pursuing Doctoral degree are eligible for technical
research personnel recruitment.
- Dormitory on campus is available for graduate students.
o Scholarship funded by UNIST
- Tuition fee support
※ Successful applicants pay the tuition at their own expense. And
when Stipend is paid during the semester, their advisors support
the divided amount corresponding to the tuition.
- Stipend Offer (Including tuition support amount)
∙ Master: More than KRW 17,280,000/year
∙ Doctor: More than KRW 20,880,000/year
※ The above is based on the minimum amount and the
additional amount can be provided differently according to
the participating Lab.
※ Professional·Special graduate school, Management Engineering
students, Students who are enrolled exceeding the class period
are not included.
※ The School of Business Administration(Management Engineering)
applies a separate standard for scholarships(cost of living expenses).
∙Master: More than KRW 10,560,000/year
∙Doctor: More than KRW 12,420,000/year
∙The above is based on the minimum amount and the additional
amount can be provided differently according to the participating Lab.
- Students pursuing Doctoral degree are eligible for technical
- 9 -
research personnel recruitment.
- Dormitory on campus is available for graduate students.
o Scholarship funded by Others(Company, Institute, Yourself, etc.)
- Tuition fee shall be paid.
- Non-payment of Stipend
- Non-incorporated in Technical Research Personnel
- Dormitory on campus is available for graduate students.
※ Scholarships are subject to change and will be given under UNIST regulations.
Admission Process
o Evaluation
- 1st evaluation(Document screening): Documents submitted will
be evaluated on the basis of the applicant’s academic
achievements, potential, and personal accomplishments.
- 2nd evaluation(Interview): Applicants will get interviewed on
the basis of the applicant’s basic knowledge of major, level of
interest in research, proficiency in English, and personal accomplishments.
※ Interview can be conducted Online or Face-to-face.
o Decision of successful applicants
- 1st evaluation(Document screening): Based on the document screening
results, 2nd evaluation(interview) interviewees will be determined.
- Final successful applicants: The final successful applicants will
be determined according to the results of the interview evaluation.
- 10 -
Required Documents
No List Master Combined Master -Doctor Doctor
1 Check list of document(Form 1) ○ ○ ○
2 Application Form ○ ○ ○
3 Diploma(certificate) of Bachelor’s degree ○ ○ ○
4 Diploma(certificate) of Master’s degree - - ○
5
Transcripts of Bachelor’s degree
* Transfer students must submit school transcripts prior
to transfer
○ ○ ○
6 Transcripts of Master’s degree - - ○
7 Study Plan & Personal Statement(Form 2) ○ ○ ○
8 English Test Report ○ ○ ○
9 Letter of Disclosure Agreement(Form 3) ○ ○ ○
10
Recommendation Letter from Others(Company, Institute, etc.)
(Form 4, Only for student funded from Others)
* No need to submit for those who pay for education expenses (tuition) by own self
△ △ △
11 Certificate of Employment(Only for student funded from Others)
* Submit only those who can issue a certificate. △ △ △
12 Additional documents △ △ △
※ ○: Mandatory, △: Optional o Important notes
- All the required documents shall be uploaded to UNIST Admission
application system before the deadline(Attached by a(one) PDF file).
- Application Form: Print out the completed application form
＊ Applicants who apply for Doctoral course shall provide the advisor’s
contact information. (The evaluators can ask for a recommendation.)
- Diploma(certificate) of Bachelor’s(Master’s) degree
＊ University in Korea: Applicants who are graduated from a Korean
university shall submit the original certificate of diploma. If he or she is
a prospective graduate, he or she shall submit an original certificate of
registration or certificate of expected graduation.
＊ University abroad: Applicants can submit notarized copy of diploma
- 11 -
(certificate) of degree.(Prospective graduate can submit a certificate of
registration or certificate of expected graduation.) Successful candidates
shall submit the Letter of Disclosure Agreement(Attached form 3), the
diploma and the transcripts with Apostille or have them authenticated by
the Korean embassy.
- Transcripts
＊ University in Korea: Applicants shall submit the original transcripts. If the
applicants transferred from one or more universities, each transcript is
required from all universities.
＊ University abroad: Applicants can submit a notarized copy of transcripts
in case the materials get lost in the mail. Successful candidates shall
submit the Letter of Disclosure Agreement(Attached form 3), the diploma
and the transcripts with Apostille or have them authenticated in the
Korean embassy.
＊ Prospective graduates must submit transcripts with all grades up to the
available semester(submission of transcripts for all grades after admission
will be requested).
- Study plan: It has to be included the application number after
the online application and should be written in English.
- Personal Statement: It has to be included the application
number after the online application and be written in English.
- English test score: English proficiency tests operated by any
english test institutes(A result of TOEIC, TOEFL(Code: 8807),
IELTS, TEPS, G-TELP, TOEIC S/W, OPIC)
- Additional documents: Any documents showing applicants’
qualifications or research achievements will do. Applicants for
Doctoral programs can submit a Master’s thesis(Optional).
- Certificate(s) shall be issued within 1 month from the start
date of the online application.
o Details on English Test Report(Score)
- Applicants should submit a test result of TOEIC, TOEFL(Code:
- 12 -
8807), IELTS, TEPS(New TEPS), G-TELP, TOEIC S/W, OPIC,
which is official english proficiency test score operated by any
official english test institution.
＊ The test date shall be within 2 years of the online application deadline.
＊ The TOEFL ITP, which is a self-administered TOEFL conducted
by universities or institutions, is not accepted.
＊ English scores such as Duolingo english test, IELTS Indicator and Etc.
other than the English scores presented above are not accepted.
- Applicants do not need to submit the English Test Report, if
they belong to one of the followings.
＊ Applicants who submit a certificate stating that all of their Bachelor's
or Master’s courses have completed with 100% English.
＊ Applicants who are native English speakers(U.S, Canada, U.K, Australia,
New Zealand, Ireland, etc.)
- Additional documents: Applicants may submit documents
proving their research achievements.(Applicants for the doctoral
program can submit a master's thesis)
- In principle, all certificates and documents must be issued
within one month of the start date of application.
- 13 -
Application process
o Process (Do not use Smartphones, Tablet computers, or PDAs
when Submitting, Printing and Uploading the application)
- International Applicant (For Korean applicants, please refer to the
Korean admissions guidelines)
International Applicant
UNIST admission website
↓
Login
· Login(Make an account)
↓
Fill out the online application
· ID picture(3×4cm) taken within previous 3 months
(Black and white photo cannot be accepted, Only color photo is allowed)
↓
Confirm the online application
· Fill out the Application Form for admission, Study Plan and Personal Statement, and
Letter of Disclosure Agreement for academic background inquiry online.
· Download and fill out the 'Recommendation Letter from others' that is optionally
submitted when applying for Other scholarship.(Fill out only those who need to submit.)
↓
Complete the submission of documents
· Print out the online completed Application Form for admission, Study Plan and
Personal Statement, Letter of Disclosure Agreement and Check List of Documents.
· Collect together the documents such as graduation(degree) certificates, transcripts,
official English proficiency scores, and additional documents with the printed
documents in the order of the documents submission.
· The documents are scanned and converted into a single(1) PDF file and uploaded to
the online application site.
↓
Complete the online application
· The Admission number is automatically created after completing the online application.
· The application can not be modified after creating application number.
＊ No application fee
- 14 -
Announcement of successful candidates
o Schedule for the Announcement of screening results
Announcement 2023 Fall Admission
1st evaluation
(Documents screening) 2023.5.17.(Wed.) 14:00pm (Korean Standard Time)
2nd evaluation
(Interview) 2023.6.21.(Wed.) 14:00pm (Korean Standard Time)
o Important information
- All applicants shall check the evaluation results on the UNIST
admission website. It is the applicant’s responsibility to check
the results.
- The results shall be checked only at the admissions website.
- Admission shall be cancelled if the successful candidate(applicant)
does not submit the ‘UNIST Graduate Admission Registration
Confirmation’ by the designated date.
Important Notes
o The use of smartphones, tablet computers, PDAs, etc. that use
mobile operating systems (including Macbooks) is prohibited
when submitting online applications, printing and uploading
documents. (Operating system and application reception page are
not compatible, resulting in abnormal errors such as abnormal
character spacing and overlapping of letters in the application
and submitted documents)
o When applying an online application, you must collect the documents
to be submitted in order and upload them online as one PDF file.
o Certain documents(e.g. Letter of Recommendation, Diploma,
Transcripts, and English Test Report) can be sent directly and
separately to the UNIST Admissions Team.(You must consult
with the admissions team. Individual submissions arbitrarily are
- 15 -
not allowed.)
o All the documents shall be submitted before the deadline.
o Applicant’s scholarship, major or program can be changed according
to the applicant’s consent.
o Applicants who can not submit the documents before the
deadline or do not attend the interview will not be accepted.
o Submitted documents and the application fee will not be returned
after completing the application.
o If an applicant acquires an admission illegally, the admission
shall be cancelled. Furthermore, if a criminal case is suspected,
the applicants will be reported to the authorities in both
countries in accordance with the law.
o If the successful candidate does not get graduated from
previous school by the enrollment date(starting date of study in
UNIST), his/her admission will be cancelled.
o Successful candidates who have studied abroad should submit
the Diploma(Certificate of Degree) and the Transcripts with
Apostille or having been authenticated by the Korean embassy.
Their admissions shall be cancelled, if they do not submit the
documents.
※ Apostille or consular confirmed documents must be submitted
in their original form, and the submission of copies of the
original is prohibited.
※ If the original certificate is issued only once, make a copy of
the documents and get an apostille(consular confirmation) on
the copy.
o Successful candidates who have studied in China should submit
the documents issued by the Ministry of Chinese Education with
consular confirmation on it.
- 16 -
(中國高等敎育學歷査詢報告; http://www.chsi.com.cn)
o Applicants should read the admission guideline carefully.
o Applicants are responsible for any disadvantages that arise from
applying without properly checking the admission guideline.
o A committee related to UNIST graduate admission will decide further
details or issues that cannot be specified in this guideline.
- 17 -
[Form 1] - Can be filled out and printed on the online application page
Check List of Documents 
Please submit the documents in the following order. 
No. List of Documents
Attachment
Yes □∨ No □∨
1 Application form
(Print out after completing online application)
2 Check list of documents (Form 1)
(Print out after completing online application)
3 Transcripts of Bachelor’s degree
 * Transfer students must submit school transcripts prior to transfer
4 Transcripts of Master’s degree 
5 Diploma (certificate) of Bachelor’s degree
6 Diploma (certificate) of Master’s degree
7
Study Plan and Personal Statement (Form 2)
(Print out after completing online application)
8 English Test Report
9 Letter of Disclosure Agreement (Form 3)
(Print out after completing online application)
10
Recommendation Letter from Others(Company, Institute, etc.) (Form 4)
(* Only for student funded by Others(Company, Institute, etc.)) * No need to submit for those who pay for education 
expenses(tuition) by yourself
11
Certificate of Employment 
(* Only for student funded by Others(Company, Institute, etc.)) * Submit only those who can issue a certificate
12 Additional documents 
- 18 -
[Form 2] - Can be filled out and printed on the online application page
 Study Plan and Personal Statement 
*　Please be sure to write in English.
*　Changes to the form or submission of documents not completed on this form may result in exclusion 
from evaluation.
1. Name 2. Application number 
3. Scholarship 
☐ Scholarship(Government or UNIST) ☐ Other Scholarship(Company, Institute, Yourself, etc.)
4. Degree Proposed ☐ Master ☐ Combined Master-Doctor ☐ Doctor 
5. Application Unit (Major) (Details: ) * Applicants for UNIST-IBS Neuroscience Inter-Institutional Scholarship should write the details 
‘Biomedical Engineering(IBS Neuroscience Inter-Institutional Scholarship)’
6. Colleges/Universities Attended 
University Major Dates Attended GPA/Scale 
Bachelor
Master
Doctor 
7. Research Achievements 
 
No. Author Title Journal Date Issued
1
2
3
- 19 -
8. Preferred study field in detail (Write less than 500 characters in English)
9. Study Plan (Write less than 3,000 characters in English)
Provide a clear and detailed description of your study objectives, and provide reasons for wanting to pursue them 
at UNIST. Be specific about your specialized interests in this field. Describe the study program you expect to 
undertake, and explain how your study plan fits in with your previous training and your future objectives.
10. Personal Statement (Write less than 3,000 characters in English)
Please provide a description about yourself, your life or your goals.
- 20 -
[Form 3] - Can be filled out and printed on the online application page
Letter of Disclosure Agreement 
To whom it may concern 
This letter is to confirm that I attended (Write your Last graduation school's name) 
I have applied to UNIST, Republic of Korea, for the 2023 academic year and have 
agreed to allow UNIST to officially request my academic records from previously 
attended schools. In this regard, I would like to request your full assistance when 
UNIST contacts you regarding verification of enrollment and transcripts. 
School Name 
Student Name 
Major 
Date of Birth 
Date of Admission 
Date of Graduation 
 Date : 
 Name : (Signature)
- 21 -
[Form 4] Applicants who need to submit this document among Other scholarship applicants should 
download the form from the admissions website, fill it out, and submit it together with the required 
documents. (Foreign applicants are not eligible for 'Other Scholarship' except in special cases.)
Recommendation Letter from Others(Company, Institute, etc.)
Applicant Information 
1. Name 2. Application Number 
3. Degree Proposed ☐ Master ☐ Combined Master-Doctor ☐ Doctor 
4. Application Unit (Major) 
5. Attachment: Certificate of Employment
Institute Information 
1. Name of Institute 
2. Date of Establishment 
3. Type of Business 
4. Sales figures(year) 
5. Number of Employees 
6. Details 
The institute will fund all or part of the scholarship of the person above.
 Date : Head of the Institute (Signature)
To UNIST President 
- 22 -
<Annex>
□ UNIST-IBS Neuroscience Inter-Institutional Scholarship Application Guideline
o Overview: UNIST-IBS Neuroscience Inter-Institutional Scholarship
application guideline jointly operated by UNIST Department of
Biomedical Engineering and Institute of Basic Science Center for
Cognition and Sociality
o Objective: To promote inter-disciplinary neuroscience research and
cultivate global top-notched researchers by establishing an
inter-institutional education model between university and research
institute
o Education and Research
- Degrees: Biomedical Engineering Master’s or Ph.D.
- Curriculum: students take neuroscience-specialized courses in the
UNIST Biomedical Engineering Graduate School Program
- Credit Exchange: students can take courses in the neuroscience
area at UST(University of Science and Technology) and earn
credits
- Research: Students should conduct inter-disciplinary research at
both the UNIST and IBS laboratories and stay at each institute
depending on research purposes as well as live in dormitories of
each institute
- Students must stay and work at both IBS and UNIST for certain
periods of time
o Scholarship
- UNIST-IBS Neuroscience Inter-Institutional program is included in
‘UNIST Scholarship’ among the category of scholarships ※ (M.S) 17,280,000 KRW or above annually (Ph.D) 20,880,000 KRW or above annually ※ The scholarship seen above is covered the whole tuition fee and stipend ([M.S] 
 More than KRW 800,000/month [Ph.D] More than KRW 1,100,000/month). - Each institute monthly pays stipend to students based on the share
- 23 -
portion of institutes, and ceases the payment if students take time off
or drop out of school
- Payment is continued until the maximum period of each degree o Application Procedure
- Application Procedure: UNIST Biomedical Engineering Graduate
School Neuroscience Inter-Institutional Scholarship
- Degrees: Master’s, Ph.D., Combined Master’s and Ph.D
- Capacity: within the capacity of UNIST Biomedical Engineering UNIST
Scholarship in each year
- Application process: application to ‘UNIST-IBS Neuroscience
Inter-Institutional Scholarship’ within the category of the
Department of Biomedical Engineering UNIST Scholarship
according to UNIST Graduate School Admission Guideline
- Admission process will follow the UNIST Graduate Students
admission process
※ Inquiry: College of Information and Biotechnology Academic & Students Affairs Team
 (⌧ heejeongryu@unist.ac.kr)