2023 Fall Undergraduate Admission for International Students 
Admission Timeline
Categories Schedule Remarks
On-line
application 2023.Jan.10th.(Tue.) ~ Feb.9th.(Thu.)
http://studyinkorea.go.kr
Based on Korean standard
time
Submission of
Documents 2023.Jan.10th.(Tue.) ~ Feb.9th.(Thu.) Online Submission
Evaluation 2023.Mar.13th.(Mon.) ~ Apr.5th.(Wed.)
Announcement 2023.Apr.28th.(Fri.) http://adm-u.intl.unist.ac.kr
Registration 2023.Apr.28th.(Fri.) ~ May.11th.(Thu.) Deposit Transfer
Expected
Admission Date Admission in Fall 2023
o The schedules above are subject to change without prior notice
Admission Eligibility
o Applicants who have completed elementary, middle, and high
school or have attained equivalent level of education should
fulfill one of the following by the beginning of 2023 Fall
semester
- Neither of the applicant’s Parents is a Korean citizen
- Foreign or Korean citizens who have completed elementary,
middle and high school outside of Korea and never enrolled
in any school(s) in Korea
Admission Quota
o About 15 students
- 2 -
Academic Programs
School Department
Engineering
College of Engineering
Department of Mechanical Engineering
Department of Urban And Environmental
Engineering
Department of Materials Science and
Engineering
School of Energy and Chemical
Engineering
Department of Nuclear Engineering
College of Information
and Biotechnology
Department of Design
Department of Biomedical Engineering
Department of Industrial Engineering
Department of Biological Sciences
Department of Electrical Engineering
Department of Computer Science and
Engineering
College of Natural
Sciences
Department of Physics
Department of Mathematical Sciences
Department of Chemistry
Business School of Business Administration
o Applicants select a field (Engineering or Business) when they apply.
o Students should declare their major at the end of their freshman year.
o Names of the schools and departments are subject to change.
- 3 -
List of Documents
o Required Documents
Categories Foreign
Student
Korean
Citizen Remarks
1 Form 1: Checklist ○ ○
Download
http://studyinkorea.go.kr
or
http://adm-u.intl.unist.ac.kr
2 Form 2: Application form ○ ○
3 Form 3: Academic information ○ ○
4 Form 4: Personal statement and study plan ○ ○
5 Form 5: Agreement for Verification of academic
Record ○ ○
6 High school transcript for recent 3 years ○ ○ Original or certified copy
7
High school diploma or Certificate of the
expectant graduation(official letter with
Principal's official seal)
○ ○ Original or certified copy
8 English test report: TOEFL(Code: 8807),
IELTS, TEPS, TOEIC, etc. ○ ○ Original or certified copy
9 Copy of the applicant's passport or national ID card
(Indicating your nationality) ○ ○ Original or certified copy
10 Copy of both parents' passports or official
documents indicating their nationalities ○ ○ Original or certified copy
11 Official document specifying parent-child
relationship ○ ○ Original or certified copy
12 Certificate of the entry and exit of the
applicant ○ Original or certified copy
13 Certificate of enrollment(elementary, middle,
high school) ○ Original or certified copy
14 Certificate of Transcript(elementary, middle
school) ○ Original or certified copy
o Supplement Documents(Up to 5 Certificates)
Categories Remark
1 Awards during high school period Original or certified copy
2 High school graduation test or College entrance
exam certificate Original or certified copy
3
Standardized official tests score report (NCEA,
SAT, IB, GCE A-Level, ACT etc)and other academic
certifications
Original or certified copy
4 High school introduction/profile(s)
- 4 -
※ All the documents should be submitted in English. Any document in another
language should be accompanied by a notarized English translation.
※ English test report must be taken within 2 years prior to the deadline of the
online application
※ Exemption from submission of English Test Report
1. Applicants from U.S.A, Canada, U.K, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland
(Native English Speaker)
2. Applicants from a country that uses English as a official language
3. Applicants who have completed their entire high school courses in English
(It is required to submit certificates verifying that courses are fully taught
in English)
Admission Procedure
Online
application
Web-site
▸http://studyinkorea.go.kr
▸Exemption from application fee
⇩
Log-in ▸Sign up as a member(http://studyinkorea.go.kr)
▸Log-in
↓
Online
Application
▸Online application → Select “UNIST”
▸Enter the all your information
↓
Attachment
▸All documents should be attached by deadline(2023.Feb.9th.(Thu.))
▸All documents should be in English. Any document in another language
should be accompanied by a notarized English translation.
▸ All document should be in order of checklist(application form 1)
▸ Required document and supplement document should be combined as
one PDF file separately and then upload them (A4 sized PDF, up to
10 MB recommended)
- Required document list 1~11(14) should be combined in one PDF file
- Supplement document list 1~4 should be combined in one PDF file
↓
Submission
▸When writing an application, you can use save button for saving
and don't forget to click “Submit” button at last.
▸ You can check your submission result in “My page”- “Status”
- 5 -
Admission Criteria
o Document Screening
- UNIST considers various factors comprehensively including
academic ability, study plan, vision, potential and attitude
based on all the submitted documents.
※ If necessary, Interview can be conducted.
- Evaluation will be conducted by two or more evaluators.
- After the document screening, all the applicants are decided
as "Accepted", “ Candidate” and "Rejected".
o Interview
- If necessary, Interview will be conducted based on the
document screening result. We decided document screening
result as “Accepted” and “Rejected” and the interviewee will
be the “Accepted”of document screening.
- Interview is a qualitative evaluation and It will be focused on
applicant’s suitability, vision, etc.
- Interview will be conducted by online and if necessary, we
will conduct face to face interview.
- After the interview, Interviewees are decided as "Accepted",
“Candidate” or "Rejected".
o Decision of Successful candidates
- After the document screening, all the applicants are decided as
"Accepted", “ Candidate” and "Rejected".
※ The admission criteria is subject to change according to
▸After submission, applicants can no longer modify their application.
▸If applicants need to change their application form, Please request
modification in ”My page“- ”Modify“
↓
Email reply ▸If necessary, Admission staff will contact applicants by email
- 6 -
UNIST admissions regulations.
※ If Interview is conducted, We decide all applicants as
“Accepted”(document screening passed) and “Rejected”
(Document screening rejected) according to the document
screening result and then decide “Accepted”, “Candidate”,
“Rejected” according to the interview result.
o Registration
- All successful candidates have to transfer the deposit by deadline.
- If successful candidates will not transfer the deposit, it will be
considered as abandonment of registration.
- Additional registration may be conducted among nominated candidates
according to the registration result for Successful candidates.
Important notice for all applicants
o If any of the submitted materials contains falsified information,
admissions may be cancelled.
o All successful candidates should submit apostille(or legalization)
high school diploma and transcripts by deadline. If not, the
enrollment will be cancelled.
o All the submitted documents shall not be returned to the applicants.
o Even if the admitted students give up enrollment in UNIST, the
deposit shall not be returned.
o Applicants should take full responsibilities for any mistakes or
omissions on the application.
o All the documents should be submitted in English. Any
document in another language should be accompanied by a
notarized English translation.
o UNIST can ask the successful applicant to submit the original
documents about their scanned copies of your submitted documen